Congratulations. You made it to the end of this lesson on Smart Contracts Security.
This is such an important topic and
your expertise in this field will be extremely valuable.
With smart contracts security,
your journey doesn't end here.
I spent most of this lesson pointing you towards
helpful resources that you can spend time researching in the future.
Beyond this research, it helps to find your own resources or
reference documentation that aggregates these resources for you.
You now understand the details behind some of
the largest hacks that have ever happened on the Ethereum network,
the DAO and Parity hacks.
Hopefully along the way,
you picked up some good examples you can take with you
to be a more effective smart contract developer.
At this point, it's your turn to join the rapidly developing ecosystem of
tools and communities that are coming together
to help ensure the security of smart contracts.
As I said in the beginning of this lesson,
this is an extremely valuable skill to have as a developer,
and you'll continue utilizing all these skills for
as long as you continue developing smart contracts